Note, you can find all of the past release notes, installation instructions and README information for WRM 
at:

* http://www.wowraidmanager.net/wiki/index.php?title=Installation

Release Notes for RC2:
--------------------------
Bug 0000030: Localization Error for Announcements Header Fixed.
Added code to fix the localization of the word "announcements" 
above the announcements display box on the front page and in the calendar page.

Fixed Italian Installation Localization
Fix to several installation and message strings for the italian l10n.
Italian l10n of sort_desc and sort_asc strings.

Bug 0000031: Text for Title and Message headers do not show up.
There was an issue with the langauge files for all languages that had the
wrong keys for announcements_title_text and announcements_messages_text.
The keys were announcements_title_txt and announcements_msg_txt in the
language file and as above in the code.
Note: Italian is not included in this patch due to there being other
changes for the italian language files.

Bug 0000034: Character Armory Links do not show up on Logs page.
There was a bug with the logs page where the armory call didn't include 
the server name or language and thus could not properly retrieve information
from the WOW Armory.

Bug 0000035: Parse error with unexpected & for php v4.
There was a parse error using pass by reference to desanitize and sanitize
the data comming from and to the database.  This only happened for phpV4
because it doesn't support foreach and pass by reference.  Used a
different method of handling this from the PHP boards.

Bug 0000037: Inserts to Profile Table in Bridge fails.
Failure in inserting new folks to the profile table due to only attempting
to insert into 5 fields (the last_login_time field was forgotten and thus
caused a failure on insert).

i18n Error: reports.php sort strings untranslated.
There were hard coded strings for sort in descending and ascending order
that are now translated for i18n.

l10n of the ampm string for german.

Fix for bug 0000038: Missing config.php file.
Redirect in common.php was done after the load of the config.php file
which, for a default installation, would blow up since it didn't exist.

Bug 0000039: HTMLSPECIALCHARS_DECODE Fails on PHP4.
The htmlspecialchars_decode function is PHP5 (5.1.0) only and doesn't work
for php4.  There is a new function definition at the top of the file to define the
function for php4 folks.

Bug Fix: 0000040 - PWDHASH throwing errors on load in SMF, SMF2 and XOOPS
The SMF, SMF2 and XOOPS bridges are failing when loading the pwdhash
functions.  The include is incorrect.  This has been updated, please see
bug.

Additional l10n: French, updates to other languages.
This is an addition of the French language translation to WRM.  Also
updated a phpraid/spiffyJr string to wowraid manager.

Removed the unixdatetime.js from the header.

Bug 0000041: Problem with v4.0 of MySQL and Collation/Character Set fixed.
This is a fix for the issue where MySQL 4.0 folks fail installation with
the CHARACTER SET and COLLATE commands on the end of the table creation
script.

Modified upgrade string from "Upgrade from XXX" to "Upgrade 
to XXX".

Bug 0000039: Fix for raid description tooltips.
This is a fix for the raid description mouse over tooltips.

Release of 3.5.0 of WoW Raid Manager
-----------------------------------
What an update!  Roles, Internationalization, Date Sort fixes, and a whole SLEW of other changes mark this
version as a fairly major update.  As always, this release supercedes any prior release of WRM.

LOTS of changes to this one, please see the notes below for information on what all has been changed/fixed.

I'd like to thank Diska, Neme, Nimo and Nalumis of the WRM boards for their code contributions.  Much/Most
of the code changes in this release come from one of these 4, implemented/modified/changed by me.  There 
were also other more minor code contributions by a large segment of the community and I'd like to thank 
EVERYONE of you out there for your help and assistance for making this project what it is.

Because of the mass amount of user contributed code in this release I am going to refrain from tagging 
specific changes to specific people as in a lot of cases a large amount of these changes were contributed
and worked on by multiple people or contributions built upon other contributions.  That said I would be 
amiss if I did not identify up front that the new installer is entirely Neme's with a few minor 
modifications by me, and a large amount of the other code (including the implementation for Roles) came 
from Nalimus's personal code base.  Major thanks to both of you.

NEW!  I am releasing this as a BETA release first due to the mass amount of changes.

Changes
-----------

* BUG: Sorting by International Date has been fixed!  This one has been open for quite some time and has
finally been quashed.  The original implementation used a javascript to generate the proper formatting.  I
have, on the recommendations of the maintainer of the reports.php file, totally re-written the handling of
this bugfix.  At this point, all dates in WRM follow the configuration settings for formatting.  HOWEVER
all dates are SORTED using the ISO date format (YYYY/MM/DD HH:MM:SS).  There is a technical document being
written at http://www.wowraidmanager.net/wiki/index.php?title=Technical documenting the process of creating
and managing dates and times within WoW Raid Manager.  For any developers who dig into this code, I encourage
you to read this information to avoid making the same mistakes that were made in the past with regards to
dates and date sorting. 

* BUG: Date Format in Configuration only partially Useful.  In relation to the above bug, it used to be that
the date format and time format strings in the configuration section were only partially useful.  Changing
those strings did change the display of some dates but also hosed up the date sorting.  With this date fix, 
ALL Date / Time Strings should now correspond to the formatting as set in the configuration setting while 
still maintaining their proper "order" in a sort.  This fixes bug 00000012 and 00000014 and feeds into the
fix for bug 00000015.

* FEATURE:  Time frame Choice for Viewing Logs.  The "logs" section has been updated to include a dropdown
list of time frames for viewing logs.  This limits the logs visible and makes the screen smaller and more
manageable.  This code allows users to choose a time frame for what logs to view.  By default the logs 
display one day's worth of data, this can go up to multiple months or the "whole" log.

* FEATURE: Checks on Profile/Character creation. - This code checks for proper information when creating 
characters on the profile page.  Items were always checked but no error message was being displayed due to 
failed checks.  A new error box is now created upon submission detailing the failed checks.

* FEATURE: Profile Name and Link in Roster Page - On the guild Roster page, those with the "users" 
privilege (should be just admins) have the ability to see each character and the WRM Profile they are 
attached to.  A new profile column and link have been added.

* FEATURE: Last Login Time: User List Displays Last Login.  The user list now captures and displays the 
last login date/time of the profile, allowing the admin to see who's using the system and who isn't.

* FEATURE: Multiple Signup Notification - There is now a display of multiple characters signed up on one 
raid, i.e. if one person signs up for a raid with two characters (assuming the options to do so are checked)
there will be an identifier tagged next to their name that notes that the character belongs to an account
that is already signed up to the raid.

* FEATURE: Screen Width "Fix".  Removed the 875 px hard coded width of the center column and allowing it to
float now based upon the size of the screen and the size specified in the css file.  This is half a fix 
that is intended to lengthen the raid screen to full screen size.  The other half of the fix is in 
templates/SpiffyJr/style/stylesheet.css line 221.  The 1000px width needs to be removed and a percentage 
added (95% for full screen).

* BUG: Tooltip Java Changes for Armory Tooltips.  Used a more standard suggested method for creating the 
HttpHeader object for IE6 through ActiveX controls.

* FEATURE: Role Based Signups.  Yes, it's finally here.  This allows users to sign up for raids by ROLE
instead of by class.  There are too many changes here to document in a set of release notes.  There is new
documentation at http://www.wowraidmanager.net/wiki/index.php?title=Installation regarding role based
signups and their use.  Several new options have been added to the configuration section to support this.

* FEATURE: Major Internationalization Updates.  The vast majority of the WRM code base has now been
fully internationalized.  The code base has been parsed and combed for "hard coded strings" and all of them
have been removed and added to the language files to make for a fully internationalized application.

* FEATURE: Totally Re-Written Installer.  The installation process for WRM has been TOTALLY re-written and
re-worked.  The upgrade process is now alive and well and should be used every time a new upgrade comes
down the pike for WRM.  The initial screen does all the desk checking needed to verify and validate that
all of the local directories are writable and usable.  There are also new authentication types that have
been added to the code: WRM now supports the following CMS Systems:

	* e107
	* phpbb2/3
	* smf v1 / v2
	* wbb
	* xoops
	
as well as the standard built in authentication system.  This system, however, has been renamed from 
phpRaid to iUMS (Integrated User Management System).  

* FEATURE: New Languages Added.  The code base has been localized into several new languages:  Italian, 
Traditional Chinese and Norwegian along with the standard two English and German.  The installer has been
internationalized as well and localized into German and Italian, as well as the standard English.

* FEATURE: Disable Freeze Checking for a specific Raid.  There is now a "0" choice when creating a specific
raid in the "Freeze" dropdown box.  Setting this to "0" Disables the freeze check for that raid without
having to disable freeze checking for all raids.

* FEATURE: Link to display who has not signed up for a raid.  There is a new link in the raid view (under
the link for teams) that, when clicked by a raid lead or system admin, can see what profiles have NOT 
signed up for the raid.  This gives a raid leader some understanding/information on who is not showing 
up to the specific raid.

* FEATURE: eqDKP Integration into WRM.  WRM is now integrated with EQDKP.  By turning on the EQDKP link
in the configuration section (and filling in the appropriate information on database in the config.php
file) a new "DKP" button will appear that will allow the users to see their DKP information from the 
eqDKP system within WRM, also the profiles are linked to the profiles in eqDKP to display user by user
information by clicking links from within WRM.  See "eqdkp_link.htm" in the "docs" directory or the help
link in the configuration section for more information on turning this on.

* FEATURE: Schedule raids in 12/24 hour format.  There is now an option in the configuration area that
allows you to schedule raids in a 24 hour format regardless of the display settings for date and time.
This allows a guild to schedule raids in 24 hour format but display them in 12 hour (am/pm) format.

* FEATURE/BUG: Turn off/on WoW Armory Lookups.  For those who are having issues/trouble with getting the
WoW Armory Lookups to work, there is an option to turn them off now in the configuration section.  This 
will bypass the armory lookup if turned off and will simply display an unlinked character name.

* BUG: Header Image Hard Coded.  There was a bug where the header image (the image that displays to the
upper left corner of WRM) was hard coded.  There has always been a configuration option to change that 
image based upon it's setting, but that setting was never used.  Users up till now had to overwrite the
default logo image with their own to get their guild specific image to display.  Now, changing the config
item in the configuration section will change the header image (or remove it completely).

* BUG: Max Raid Signups not used to limit raid signups.  Setting the "maximum raiders" for a raid had no
affect on raid signups.  The code allowed users to continue signing up to drafted status beyond the raid
maximum number.  This has now been changed to be a hard limit within the software.

* BUG: Log Deletion Broken.  Logs are now able to be deleted from the system again.  There was a bug with
the SQL being generated incorrectly that caused this to be broken...it is now fixed.

Offical Bugs Fixed:
-----------------------
00000002 - Header Image Hard Coded
00000003 - Wrong Website Link in Configuration Error Messages
00000005 - Authentication Type Documentation link wrong in Installer.
00000011 - .htaccess showing up as authentication type in Installer.
00000012 - International Date Sorting is Incorrect
00000014 - International Date Sorting is Incorrect
00000015 - Generic Internationalization Errors
00000019 - Female Display for all Classes
00000023 - Max Limit of Users in Raids does not limit raid signup.
00000025 - Log Deletion Broken
00000027 - Multi character signup fails with get_dupesignup_symbol()
00000028 - Turn off Armory Lookups
00000029 - Error on Display (Header) - Missing Argument 5 for get_coloredcount().

Unfinished/Incomplete
----------------------
* While classes can sign up to raids by role, they are still DISPLAYED by class in the raid view.  There
needs to be a configuration option implemented to display signups by either class or by role. 