Raid Signup Flow Changes
==============================

Introduction:
--------------
So one of the first limitations, and actually one of the major reasons I first started
getting into changing phpRaid to begin with was the fact that, I guess, my guild uses a 
different way of signing up for raids.  A way that, initially, phpRaid didn't support.

As I got into using the software it surprised me that there was no way, outside of modifying
the underlying code, to tell phpRaid that I wanted users to be able to move to cancel from 
Drafted state, or move to Queued from Cancel, or that I didn't want administrators to 
be able to delete people out of a raid that had signed up.

3.1.1 finalizes my modifications for a flexible and extendible system for managing the
user signup flow.  Administrators now have full ability to modify what buttons each user type
sees in which states.

A word on Enable Groups
-----------------------
Enable Groups turns phpRaid into not only a raid scheduling system but a 5 man group
scheduling system as well.  The "enable raids" check box in the config area fundamentally 
changes the way PHPRaid works.  In the old phpRaid system, this software allows a raid leader
or raid leaders to schedule raids for the guild and administer raids through the interface
(marking as old, signing people up, etc.).  Without "enable groups" checked ONLY those people
with raid privilege can create raids.

Enable Groups then changes the system to allow EVERYONE with PROFILE access to create their
own raids (i.e. anyone who can signup to a raid can also create a raid).  This allows pretty
much anyone in your guild to create a "raid".  The benefit of this is that you can use this 
system to schedule 5 man / heroic / etc. runs as well as raids.  With Enable Groups on, your
raid leaders become "administrators" of the raid system. 

What keeps normal users from creating large, 25 or 40 man raids is locked templates.  Raid 
Admins (those with the Raids permission) can create templates that can only be selected by
those people with Raids permission.  This allows normal users to select templates that are 
5 man (heroic or normal) while allowing only the raid administrators (your Guild Raid 
Leader(s) and officers) to schedule big complicated raids.
    
User Types
------------- 
There are 3 defined user types in the phpRaid system.  Two of them are available by default
(admin and users), one is logically created when you set the "Enable Groups" configuration
option in the configuration section.

Administrators: Those people given "raids" permissions on the permissions tab.  Anybody in
a group that is marked with "raids" permissions is now considered a raid administrator.  Raid
Administrators are allowed access to create locked templates, administrate all raids, use
locked templates in scheduling raids, etc.  Without "Enable Groups" set, people in this group 
are the only ones who can create raids for others to sign up to.

Raid Leaders: This is a category of user which is created by turning on "Enable Groups".  The
"raid leader" is the person who created the "raid".  In the case of a 5 man group, the person
who scheduled the 5 man run is considered the "raid leader" for that raid only and has
full administrative permissions to THAT RAID ONLY.  It's like creating a limited Administrator
on a raid by raid basis.  "Raid Leaders" cannot use locked templates to create their raids.

Users: These are the normal, unpriviledged users.  Users can signup for raids but cannot 
modify or edit the raids in any way.  "Users" become "Raid Leaders" for a specific raid by 
creating and scheduling a raid if "Enable Groups" is set.

Raid Statuses
---------------
Raids also have 3 defined statuses a user can be in:

Canceled: Users who have signed up for a raid but know they cannot attend.  Canceled status
is typically used by phpRaid users who want to identify that they know a raid exists, but
cannot make it.  It is also used by those who initially sign up for a raid but find that they
have prior commitments that have "come up" between the time they've signed up for the raid
and the time the raid starts.  

Queued: Users in "queued" status are there because they are waiting for a spot in the raid.
The "queue" is where the raid leader picks from when he or she determines the list of
available cantidates for who will be on the raid.  A queued user is identified as one who is 
intending to be available at raid invite time and will be capable of attending the scheduled
raid.

Drafted: Users in "Drafted" status are those who have been selected by the raid leader or 
raid administrator as required to attend the raid.  The RL or RA will draft users from the
queued status into the Drafted area to tell them that they have a spot in the raid.

Permissions
--------------
Signup Flow Permissions is defined as what options each user type has in each raid status. 

To start setting permissions, log in as an administrator and select the "configuration"
option on the starting screen.  Scroll down to the "Signup Rights" section.

This is implemented as a table of rights.  Each row is a user type (User, Raid Leader, 
Administrator) each column is a right (Draft, Comments, etc.) and each section is a status.

Within each status there are 4 columns of rights.  The rights are explained below the table.

Lets assume you wanted to allow the Administrator Users to Draft people who are in queued
status.  Find the administrator user line, find the queued status (the status the user is
in) and select the "Draft" checkbox to give the administrator the right to draft the user
from the queued status.

To allow users to re-queue themselves after canceling their signup, find the Users line, 
follow it to the "canceled" status area and check the "queue" box.

Default Permissions
---------------------
The Default permissions that phpRaid now ships with are as follows:

Users in Queued status can Edit their own comments, move themselves to canceled status, 
and remove their signups completely.

Users in Canceled status can Move to Queued Status and Edit their own Comments.

Users in Drafted status can move to Queued Status (un-draft themselves), Edit their own
comments and cancel their signup (move to canceled status).

Raid Leaders and Admins in Can affect Users in Queued status by promoting them to 
drafted status and editing the users comments.

Raid Leaders and Admins can affect users in Canceled status by editing users comments and
deleting users signups completely.

Raid Leaders and Admins can affect users in Drafted status by demoting them to the queued
area and editing Users comments.

Note that the raid leader and admin permissions are defined as identical in all situations
by default.  The difference is that admins have the ability to affect ALL raids while Raid 
Leaders have the ability to affect ONLY the raids they create.

Lastly, please note that Raid Leader and Adminstrator permissions affect ALL USERS in a raid
or raids.  If you select "Draft from Queue" as a right for the administrator he or she has
the ability to draft ALL USERS in the raids (or in all raids for the admin rights) from queue.
This is different from User rights where a user can ONLY work on him or herself.

Setting "edit comments" in a user's rights means the user can edit his or her own comments.
Setting "edit comments" in RL or RA rights means the RL or RA can edit ALL users comments.

A Final Note on combining permissions groups
---------------------------------------------
Please note that "User" Permissions are additive while "Raid Leader"/"Administrator"
permissions do not combine.  A user is identified as EITHER an administrator OR a Raid Leader.

The code will check for the "Raids" Permission for the groups the user belongs to.  If a user
has the "Raids" permission set in their group, they are considered an Administrator.  The
underlaying code WILL NOT tag the person as a Raid Leader, EVEN IF he or she starts a raid.

This means that Administrator permissions ALWAYS override Raid Leader permissions EVEN in the 
case where the Raid Leader would have more permissions than the Admin would.

The concept is that raid administrators are "raid leaders" to every raid that is created. 

Again, if someone comes up with a valid senario where they'd want the raid leader to have 
more permissions on a raid than an Administrator, I can re-write a few things to allow for
all three permissions to be distinctive.

Note also that all phpRaid users have "user" permissions to a raid.  If you set a case where
the user can do something while the administrator cannot, then the user will have access to 
the privilege even if he or she is noted as an administrator.  A good example of this is the
cancel status in the default permissions.  Users are allowed to cancel their signups while 
administrators and raid leaders are not allowed to send a user to canceled.  

So using the example above, if an admin or Raid Leader signs up for a raid he or she will 
NOT be allowed to cancel other users from the drafted or queued status but WILL be able to 
cancel him or herself from the drafted or queued area.  The "cancel" rights are given to the
admin from the user rights in addition to any rights he or she has from the administrator
rights.

Please note that user rights are truly ADDITIVE and not Hierarchical.  Giving an administrator
the permission to draft from queued status but not cancel from queue, and giving users the 
ability to cancel from queue but not draft from queue, gives an administrative user the
ability to draft all members of the raid from queue AND cancel him or herself from the raid.

Reversing this, giving an administrator the rights to cancel from queue but not draft from 
queue and giving users the ability to draft from queue but not cancel from queue leaves you 
in a situation where the admin can remove anyone from the queued status to canceled but 
can only draft him or herself for the raid.